README.md, before:

# stu - Simple Test Utils

[![Build Status](https://buildhive.cloudbees.com/job/Seitenbau/job/stu/badge/icon)](https://buildhive.cloudbees.com/job/Seitenbau/job/stu/)

The project contains simple utils for JUnit and Co.

TODO: project description.

# Use stu with Gradle 


    apply plugin: 'java'
    
    repositories {
      mavenCentral()
      maven { url "http://dl.bintray.com/seitenbau/utils" }
    }
    
    dependencies {
      compile("com.seitenbau.stu:stu-common:0.2.0-RC3")
      compile("com.seitenbau.stu:stu-database:0.2.0-RC3")
    }


# Documentation
To generate the documentation please invoke:

	gradlew asciidoctor

The documentation is generated to stu/documentation/html/stu.html.

# Eclipse 

To import the project into eclipse invoke:

	gradlew eclipse
	
Then the project can be imported as eclipse projects.
Please be sure to use the code-conventions-sb-testing.xml file from src/eclipse folder.

# IntelliJ

To import the project into IntelliJ IDEA  invoke:

    gradlew idea

Then the project can be open in IntelliJ.When you use IntelliJ version > 12, IntelliJ has build in
gradle support  then the project can direct be opened. When the workspace is ready the gradle task generateDataSetDsl should be invoked.

Commit message:

add to readme compile info gradle 1.8 and jdk 1.7

README.md, after:

# stu - Simple Test Utils

[![Build Status](https://buildhive.cloudbees.com/job/Seitenbau/job/stu/badge/icon)](https://buildhive.cloudbees.com/job/Seitenbau/job/stu/)

The project contains simple utils for JUnit and Co.

TODO: project description.

# Use stu with Gradle 


    apply plugin: 'java'
    
    repositories {
      mavenCentral()
      maven { url "http://dl.bintray.com/seitenbau/utils" }
    }
    
    dependencies {
      compile("com.seitenbau.stu:stu-common:0.2.0-RC3")
      compile("com.seitenbau.stu:stu-database:0.2.0-RC3")
    }

# Build STU

Either use provided gradlew or you need gradle (<2.0) 1.8 installed. STU cannot currently only compile with an JDK 1.7.

	gradlew build


# Documentation
To generate the documentation please invoke:

	gradlew asciidoctor

The documentation is generated to stu/documentation/html/stu.html.

# Eclipse 

To import the project into eclipse invoke:

	gradlew eclipse
	
Then the project can be imported as eclipse projects.
Please be sure to use the code-conventions-sb-testing.xml file from src/eclipse folder.

# IntelliJ

To import the project into IntelliJ IDEA  invoke:

    gradlew idea

Then the project can be open in IntelliJ.When you use IntelliJ version > 12, IntelliJ has build in
gradle support  then the project can direct be opened. When the workspace is ready the gradle task generateDataSetDsl should be invoked.
